Now as was said when we use maps there are a number of different methods and properties that we have
access to.
So go ahead and comment out your previous map and we'll make a brand new one so we'll do a let map equals
a new map.
So create a new instance of map like so and then after that we're just going to set a couple of things
so we'll do mapped set.
Do name because Andrew will do capital Andrew and then we'll do mapped out.
And we'll do a string of age equals and then we'll do something like 74 Saldate right there.
So now that we have that the next thing we can do is check to see if we have these so you cancel the
log and then we'll do map has and then we just specify whatever key we want to see is available so in
this case we'll see if it has a name and you can see that's true.
And then we can also do our get sorted canceled out log mapped Dogget name and it'll actually return
it.
Then if we delete it or actually we'll go and print the size real quick so to cancel that log mapped
does size and it should have a size of two as of right now.
But then if we go ahead and delete it we'll do map dot delete and then we specify whatever we'd like
to delete.
In this case name and then we copy the council Dalt log map size bring it down you'll see that the size
now shrunk to has now shrunk to 1.
DO THE SAME EXACT THING WITH THE AGE saw you cancelled out log mapped.
Has And then check for the age right there.
And it's true.
Now we can just cancel the log.
Or excuse me if we can delete it or we can clear it out and this will clear out everything we'll do
mapped clear and this will just clear out everything.
So now if I cancel the log the map size you'll see that I get nothing.
And also as a quick side note if you try to get something that isn't available on your map for example
if I try to get the age right now it's going to return undefined.
Just something else to keep in mind.
But as you can see it's pretty familiar.
Pretty much the same exact methods that we have available on our sets.